DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We might just have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
LINEHALT: Aaaaarrrrgggghhhh!
LINEHALT: I can't hold them much longer Ren!
REN: Hold strong, Linehalt!
If we let them get past, the capital will fall!
ARANAUT: [grunt, exertion reax] Aaaarrrrgggghhhhh!
ELRIGHT: Aranaut!
ELRIGHT: Even the Castle Knights can't stop them.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Unlocking the Gate
NURZAK: We believe that if the Chaos Bakugan
are successful in taking down Gundalia
they'll be heading for Neathia next.
FABIA: We'll have to put our faith in the Battle Brawlers
let us not forget, they were in fact
chosen by the Sacred Orb.
NURZAK: Let's hope that they're up to it,
the task that lies ahead.
DAN: I can't believe we got separated from the others.
WOLFURIO: We'd better be careful down here.
Who knows what kind of traps they could have set.
DRAGO: Agreed.
DAN: It's getting way too crowded down here.
We better find a way out before we get overpowered.
RAFE: I wonder what Shun and Marucho would do?
DAN: Tell me to sit out.
RAFE: We should avoid any confrontation.
DAN: Leave the thinking to me.
RAFE: Huh?
DAN: Up above, Drago!
Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Blazer!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
WOLFURIO: Very impressive indeed, Dan...
you managed to stop them without engaging.
RAFE: But how did you know?
DAN: Y'know Rafe I didn't just fall off the turnip truck.
I do actually have skills.
TRISTAR: Whoooooa! These suckers are everywhere!
We can't get away from them!
BOULDERON: Then we'll just have to keep taking them down!
PAIGE: You said it!
MARUCHO: [grunt, exertion reax] Man, I wish Dan was here
to help...Huh? Ooohhhh!
DAN: [grunt] RAFE: [grunt]
WOLFURIO: That should take care of all
the Chaos Bakugan in this area.
DAN: Yeah but there's still a whole bunch of them
headed straight for the capital.
RAFE: [gasp]
DRAGO: The only way we end this...
is to stop Mag Mel and Razenoid.
DAN: You bet.
DAN: I can feel him he's through there. I just know it!
RAFE: Dan we're going to go with you.
WOLFURIO: That's right.
DAN: No way sorry guys, not this time.
WOLFURIO: Why not?
RAFE: Yeah what's your problem?
DAN: You don't understand,
we trained for this, okay?
DAN: Mag Mel says he wants the Gate and the Key
that Drago and I have.
That's the whole reason he started this war.
DAN: And he won't give up until he gets it.
RAFE: But, what are they?
DRAGO: We really don't know ourselves,
but we still have to stop him before he can get
his hands on them, whatever they are.
RAFE: But it's way too risky.
What if you're walking into another trap?
DAN: Well that didn't stop you and Paige
from storming off on your own, did it?
RAFE: Well, yeah but...
WOLFURIO: You guys and the others came and stopped us.
DRAGO: Yes?
WOLFURIO: You knew that two people weren't strong enough
to take on Mag Mel and Razenoid.
So you stopped us from making a mistake,
and now we are stopping you.
DRAGO: He's right.
DAN: I guess.
RAFE: Come on what would Marucho and Shun say
if they were here? They'd tell you the same thing.
SHUN: Don't do it!
MARUCHO: Quit trying to always be the hero!
DAN: Hmmmph, guess I was wrong.
RAFE: Huh?
DAN: Here I was thinking that they were just trying
to boss me around when really they were just
watching out for me all along.
Man I acted like such a complete dope.
RAFE: No, Dan... [gasp]
DAN: We're all good now!
TRISTAR: Uh guys this shield isn't gonna hold much longer!
MARUCHO: You've got to hold on, Tristar!
PAIGE: We can't let them gain anymore ground!
RAFE: We need to shut these troublemakers down, Wolfurio!
RAFE: Now. [grunt]
RAFE: No mercy, okay. Not today.
WOLFURIO: Got it.
RAFE: Bakugan Brawl!
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
WOLFURIO: Are you guys, okay?
BOULDERON: We are now, pal.
SHUN: Go Taylean!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaah!
SHUN: Dan and Drago went after Mag Mel by themselves?
RAFE: Yes.
PAIGE: No way. I can't believe those two stubborn goofs.
MARUCHO: He's angry. Now that I'm the new leader
of the Bakugan Battle Brawlers he's doing absolutely everything
he can to undermine my authority with the others.
RAFE: That's not true. He respects you a lot.
DAN: I need you to go find the others while we plow ahead.
DAN: I could really use Marucho's help.
RAFE: Okay.
DAN: Let's go, Drago.
DRAGO: Ready.
DAN: Yeah!
SHUN: He actually said he could use Marucho's help?
SHUN: Are you sure about that?
RAFE: Yes.
SHUN: How odd.
PAIGE: Huh? Maybe he bumped his head.
MARUCHO: No way it just means he's growing.
TRISTAR: So then does this mean we're going to
help them out or what, huh?
TAYLEAN, BOULDERON and WOLFURIO: Yes.
RAFE: You should know he also said that Mag Mel
is after a gate and key that he thinks Dan and Drago have.
SHUN: Huh, what gate and key?
PAIGE: Now I'm confused.
MARUCHO: Huh, hold on!
MAG MEL : I guess the gate and key will have to wait
for another day.
MARUCHO: I knew it. I thought it sounded familiar.
DAN: [panting, exertion reax] I'm telling you,
he's just up ahead. [panting, exertion reax]
DAN: Mag Mel!
DRAGO: And Razenoid!
MAG MEL: Shouldn't you be on your knees, Kuso?
RAZENOID: Maybe these arrogant fools have come to battle.
DAN: We came for answers. It's time you tell us
what this gate and key you're yapping about actually is.
MAG MEL: The key, my dear boy, is the Switch Code that has
undergone a mutation after coming
in contact with Code Eve.
DAN: Think he's lying to us?
DRAGO: Who knows.
RAZENOID: And the gate is the original Bakugan DNA
that has also been mutated by Code Eve.
DAN: Huh!?
MAG MEL: Razenoid and I have our own gate and key,
but they are, how shall we say...incomplete.
MAG MEL: They are, nevertheless of the same origin
as yours, which is the reason why we share
this special link of ours.
MAG MEL: But soon this link will be severed.
We will take your gate and key and we will be made whole.
MAG MEL: Once this happens our power will be unequalled,
and we will control every last Bakugan in existence.
DRAGO: That's a scary proposition.
DAN: No kidding Drago.
DAN: They'd be more powerful than even Code Eve.
DAN: We're not gonna let that happen!
MAG MEL: Hmmmph! Come my servants!
[computer beeps and trills]
DAN: Mechtogan!
ANUBIAS: You are about to be obliterated!
SELLON: But it will be a graceful affair.
DAN: We'll see about that!
BOULDERON, TAYLEAN,WOLFURIO and TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaaah!
BOULDERON, TAYLEAN and WOLFURIO: [grunt]
DAN: We gotta take Mag Mel down, Drago!
MAG MEL: The gate and key are ours, Razenoid!
TAYLEAN: The back up crew is here.
ANUBIAS: Ha, how adorable.
SELLON: They're still no match for the Master.
DAN: Hey guys.
DRAGO: Thanks for coming.
PAIGE: You didn't think we were going to let you...
have all the fun did ya?
RAFE: Not a chance.
MARUCHO: I'm sorry that things got so heated.
It's not that we don't trust you,
it just that there's so much at stake.
We lost site of who the true enemy is.
DAN: No sweat. It's my fault too, pal.
TRISTAR: Can we all hug and make up later?
TRISTAR: We've got some battling to do.
MARUCHO: You've got it.
MARUCHO: We'll take care of these guys, Dan...
while you go after Mag Mel.
SHUN: Take him down, my friend.
PAIGE and RAFE: Hmm.
DAN: Hmmph. Okay, leave it to me.
TAYLEAN, TRISTAR, WOLFURIO and BOULDERON: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Okay, let's go Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
DAN: Go! Pyrus Titanium Dragonoid!
MAG MEL: Bakugan Brawl!
MAG MEL: Bakugan stand!
RAZENOID: I'm going to crush you into a paste!
Haaaaaah!
MAG MEL: Ability activate!
MAG MEL: Flash Eclipse!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: It's gonna take more than that!
Ability activate!
Generation Shield!
RAZENOID: What?
DRAGO: Is that all you've got?
WOLFURIO and BOULDERON: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
RAFE: Wolfurio!
PAIGE: Boulderon!
SELLON: Hah! So much for their back up.
ANUBIAS: Let's finish them off.
TAYLEAN and TRISTAR: Aaaaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
SHUN: Taylean!
MARUCHO: Tristar!
TAYLEAN: We're okay.
TRISTAR: Yeah, yeah, yeah we're just getting warmed up
for the next round, dudes.
DAN: Oh man.
DRAGO: Dan! What about our powers?
DAN: Huh?
DRAGO: If we share our powers with the other Brawlers,
they might be able to take down those Mechtogan.
DAN: Ya, good plan. Let's do it.
DRAGO and DAN: [rising mighty roar]
WOLFURIO: What's this feeling? It's like something
growing inside of me.
RAFE: I...I can feel it too!
BOULDERON: Dan and Drago are sharing their powers with us!
PAIGE: I feel totally awesome!
TAYLEAN: With this coursing through my body...
I feel completely, indestructible!
SHUN: I know exactly what you mean.
TRISTAR: I'm so ready, dude! Bring on the Mechtogan!
MARUCHO: Awesome!
[explosion]
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph!
SILENT STRIKE: I am Silent Strike!
VEXFIST: And I am Vexfist!
ACCELERAK: You can call me Accelerak.
SWIFT SWEEP: I am Swift Sweep.
SELLON: They've summoned the Mechtogan.
They must be using Dan and Drago's powers.
ANUBIAS: That doesn't really matter!
MAG MEL: What a foolish move, Kuso. Spreading your powers
thin by sharing them? How pathetic.
RAZENOID: Who cares. It will only make them
that much easier to squash!
DREADEON: I will destroy everything in sight
and burn it to the ground.
DRAGO: You'll have to go through us first.
ZENTHON: When I hear my Master's call,
I will race to his side to destroy anything
that opposes him or stands in his way.
PAIGE: Nice one, guys!
BOULDERON: That Vexfist is awfully strong.
VEXFIST: Just point the way and I will blaze a trail
of scorched earth for you, Masters.
TRISTAR: Uh-oh!
TRISTAR: Whoa! Thanks a lot, buddy!
MARUCHO: Let's do this next one together!
ACCELERAK: When we three, connect and work as one
nothing can stand in our way.
SHUN: He's really fast!
TAYLEAN: Yes, and his flying skills
are most impressive as well.
SILENT STRIKE: Our enemies may have tremendous might,
but they are still no match for my speed and stealth.
WOLFURIO: Hmmmph!
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
WOLFURIO: [grunt, exertion reax] Whoooooaaaa!
RAFE: Unreal!
SWIFT SWEEP: I will fight the enemies of my Masters
and punish them like nothing before!
ANUBIAS: I'll show you what punishment really is!
DREADEON and ZENTHON: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO and RAZENOID: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN and MAG MEL: [rising mighty roar]
RAZENOID: There can only be one ruling Bakugan!
RAZENOID: And it won't be you, Drago!
DRAGO: Bring it on!
RAZENOID: Hmmmph!
DAN: Drago?
DAN and MAG MEL: [grunt, pain reax]
MAG MEL: I won't allow you to use our link...
to inflict damage upon me. Be gone!
MAG MEL: Smasheon and Rock Fist destroy!
DRAGO: Dan, watch out!
DAN: Huh...
Uhhh, Spectra?
SPECTRA: Mechtogan, huh?
SPECTRA: That's some serious firepower
that they're facing off against.
HELIOS: Lucky for the Brawlers we're coming
to do some clean up.
SPECTRA: Let's get on with it, then.
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan Stand!
SPECTRA: Go! Darkus Infinity Helios!
SPECTRA: BakuNano Bombaplode! Destroy!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
HELIOS: Choke on thiiiiiiiiis!
SPECTRA: So...think you're ready to jump back in here,
and have a go, Dan?
DAN: Yup.
HELIOS: Let's see what kind of power you're packing, Drago.
DRAGO: You'd better stand back.
MAG MEL: Your brave face won't win you the battle.
Ability activate!
MAG MEL: Flash Eclipse!
DAN: Come on get ready, Drago!
Ability activate!
DAN: Wonder Superior!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Huuuuuuuuuuuah!
RAZENOID: Aaaarrrgggghhhh!
MAG MEL: Stay strong, Razenoid.
The more they fight and the more energy they use
the stronger your power will be in the end.
Ability activate!
MAG MEL: Meteor Elimination!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Generation Shield!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax] Aaaararrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Drago!
MAG MEL: Keep going, Razenoid! Don't stop now!
Ability activate!
MAG MEL: Gahlua Moot!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Whoa!
DAN: [angry grunt] Aaaarrrrrggghhhh!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrrggghhhh!
MAG MEL: Now Razenoid!
Take the gate from Drago!
RAZENOID: With pleasure Haaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Arrrggggghhhh!
SELLON: The Master's destiny is about to come true.
ANUBIAS: For once it would appear
that you're right, Sellon.
RAZENOID: [evil laughter] Shrivel up until there's
nothing left, Drago!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
RAZENOID: What's happening?
DRAGO: I won't let you take me down, Razenoid.
Not here! Not ever!
DAN: Ya that's right.
We made a promise that we would win this thing buddy.
MAG MEL: Nonsense!
DAN: No it's not, sucker.
DAN: We're part of a team. With people who believe in us.
And we're not gonna let them down. No matter what.
DAN: So you better prepare yourself to lose, buddy.
DRAGO: That's right. You're finished.
DAN and DRAGO: Because victory is ours!
MAG MEL: They've activated it!
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Maximum Striker!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: Aaarrrrggggghhhh!
MAG MEL: Curse you!
RAZENOID: But I was so close!
MAG MEL: I'll be baaaaaack!
REN: They're all disappearing.
ELRIGHT: That's amazing.
NURZAK: At last Gundalia has been saved.
FABIA: And thanks to our friends all the Brawlers.
DAN: Alright, let me have it.
MARUCHO: Huh?
DAN: OK, I deserve to be yelled at for all the grief...
I put you through so let's get on with it.
MARUCHO: [gasp] Shun, wait!
DAN: [grunt] Hmmmm?
SHUN: I just wanted to shake the hand
of our fearless leader and say: Welcome back, Dan.
SHUN: We've missed you.
DAN: [gasp] Thanks man.
SHUN: So, how do you feel?
DAN: [chuckles] Awesome dude.
And you?
MARUCHO: Amazing! Never better!
SPECTRA: Hmmph. I guess that's our cue then.
HELIOS: Yes.
DAN: Spectra! Helios!
DAN: Thanks guys. You really helped us out!
SPECTRA: Call us anytime, old friend.
MARUCHO: So I guess that means...
this horrible battle is finally over.
DRAGO: Huh? What's this?
DAN: Drago...
DRAGO: I feel this odd sensation...
like there's still another gate, like mine.
SHUN: Are you serious?
DRAGO: Yes, it's as though when Razenoid and I...
touched he took a piece of me with him.
DAN: Are you saying that Mag Mel and Razenoid are still alive?
RAFE: No way!
PAIGE: This is bad news.
DRAGO: This means the battle isn't over.
Far from it.
RAZENOID: The gate is finally mine!
At last, I am whole!
MAG MEL: Excellent now all that is left is...
for me to get the key!
DAN: The battle for Gundalia may have ended in a victory for us,
but that doesn't mean our fight is over.
Somehow Mag Mel and Razenoid are still alive,
and that can mean nothing but trouble for everyone.
We were just in the process of figuring out our next move
when we got an urgent distress call from Earth.
Something bad was going down in Bakugan Interspace
and we had to get back pronto to sort it out.
Trust me when I say you won't believe what we found.
But don't take my word for it. Tune in yourself
and check it out.
Man what I wouldn't give to be rid of this Mag Mel
creep once and for all. Come on guys!
We gotta take him down! For good!
\u266a [MUSIC]